Twitter v2 API support (#16)
ezod/aistweet: README.md

                        hashtags to add to tweets
  --tts                 announce ship name via text-to-speech
  --light               disable night snapshots via light sensor

required environment variables:
  TWITTER_CONSUMER_API_KEY
  TWITTER_CONSUMER_API_KEY_SECRET
  TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN
  TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET
  TWITTER_CLIENT_ID
  TWITTER_CLIENT_SECRET
  TWITTER_CALLBACK_URI
```

How To Authenticate With Twitter
--------------------------------

> Follow the instructions on the [tweeter-basic repo](https://github.com/MikeBusuttil/tweeter-basic) to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions on the [tweeter-basic] repository to:
```
